how are glacier caves formed ?	A partly submerged glacier cave on Perito Moreno Glacier .	0
how are glacier caves formed ?	The ice facade is approximately 60 m high	0
how are glacier caves formed ?	Ice formations in the Titlis glacier cave	0
how are glacier caves formed ?	A glacier cave is a cave formed within the ice of a glacier .	1
how are glacier caves formed ?	Glacier caves are often called ice caves , but this term is properly used to describe bedrock caves that contain year-round ice .	0
How are the directions of the velocity and force vectors related in a circular motion	In physics , circular motion is a movement of an object along the circumference of a circle or rotation along a circular path .	0
How are the directions of the velocity and force vectors related in a circular motion	It can be uniform , with constant angular rate of rotation ( and constant speed ) , or non-uniform with a changing rate of rotation .	0
How are the directions of the velocity and force vectors related in a circular motion	The rotation around a fixed axis of a three-dimensional body involves circular motion of its parts .	0
How are the directions of the velocity and force vectors related in a circular motion	The equations of motion describe the movement of the center of mass of a body .	0
How are the directions of the velocity and force vectors related in a circular motion	Examples of circular motion include : an artificial satellite orbiting the Earth at constant height , a stone which is tied to a rope and is being swung in circles , a car turning through a curve in a race track , an electron moving perpendicular to a uniform magnetic field , and a gear turning inside a mechanism .	0
How are the directions of the velocity and force vectors related in a circular motion	Since the object 's velocity vector is constantly changing direction , the moving object is undergoing acceleration by a centripetal force in the direction of the center of rotation .	0
How are the directions of the velocity and force vectors related in a circular motion	Without this acceleration , the object would move in a straight line , according to Newton 's laws of motion .	0
how did apollo creed die	Apollo Creed is a fictional character from the Rocky films , initially portrayed as the Undisputed Heavyweight Champion of the World .	0
how did apollo creed die	He was played by Carl Weathers .	0
how did apollo creed die	Creed had multiple nicknames , including The Master of Disaster , The King of Sting , The Dancing Destroyer , The Prince of Punch , The One and Only and The Count of Monte Fisto .	0
how did apollo creed die	Urban legend states that Apollo Creed 's name is a wordplay on the Apostles ' Creed , a statement of belief used in Christian churches .	0
how did apollo creed die	All of Apollo 's championship fights were scheduled for the 15 round distance .	0
how did apollo creed die	Championship fights did not convert from 15 rounds to 12 rounds until 1987 .	0
how did apollo creed die	Rocky Balboa is often wrongly credited with popularizing the red , white , and blue trunks ; Creed was the first man to wear them ( latterly worn by Rocky Balboa in the 3rd and 4th installments and finally by Tommy `` The Machine '' Gunn ( Tommy Morrison ) in the 5th installment ) although normally he wore red and white , as seen in Rocky II .	0
how did apollo creed die	Balboa 's signature colors were black and gold—colors he used in the latest movie .	0
how long is the term for federal judges	In the United States , the title of federal judge usually means a judge appointed by the President of the United States and confirmed by the United States Senate pursuant to the Appointments Clause in Article II of the United States Constitution .	0
how long is the term for federal judges	In addition to the Supreme Court of the United States , whose existence and some aspects of whose jurisdiction are beyond the constitutional power of Congress to alter , acts of Congress have established 13 courts of appeals ( also called `` circuit courts '' ) with appellate jurisdiction over different regions of the United States , and 94 United States district courts .	0
how long is the term for federal judges	Every judge appointed to such a court may be categorized as a federal judge ; such positions include the Chief Justice and Associate Justices of the Supreme Court , Circuit Judges of the courts of appeals , and district judges of the United States district courts .	0
how long is the term for federal judges	All of these judges described thus far are referred to sometimes as `` Article III judges '' because they exercise the judicial power vested in the judicial branch of the federal government by Article III of the U.S. Constitution .	0
how long is the term for federal judges	In addition , judges of the Court of International Trade exercise judicial power pursuant to Article III .	0
how long is the term for federal judges	Other judges serving in the federal courts , including magistrate judges and bankruptcy judges , are also sometimes referred to as `` federal judges '' ; however , they are neither appointed by the President nor confirmed by the Senate , and their power derives from Article I instead .	0
how long is the term for federal judges	See Article I and Article III tribunals .	0
how a beretta model 21 pistols magazines works	The Beretta 21A Bobcat is a small pocket-sized semi-automatic pistol designed by Beretta in Italy .	0
how a beretta model 21 pistols magazines works	Production began in late 1984 , solely in the Beretta U.S.A. facility in Accokeek , Maryland .	0
how a beretta model 21 pistols magazines works	It is a further development of the Beretta Model 20 , whose production ended in 1985 .	0
how a vul works	Variable Universal Life Insurance ( often shortened to VUL ) is a type of life insurance that builds a cash value .	0
how a vul works	In a VUL , the cash value can be invested in a wide variety of separate accounts , similar to mutual funds , and the choice of which of the available separate accounts to use is entirely up to the contract owner .	0
how a vul works	The 'variable ' component in the name refers to this ability to invest in separate accounts whose values vary—they vary because they are invested in stock and/or bond markets .	0
how a vul works	The 'universal ' component in the name refers to the flexibility the owner has in making premium payments .	0
how a vul works	The premiums can vary from nothing in a given month up to maximums defined by the Internal Revenue Code for life insurance .	0
how a vul works	This flexibility is in contrast to whole life insurance that has fixed premium payments that typically can not be missed without lapsing the policy ( although one may exercise an Automatic Premium Loan feature , or surrender dividends to pay a Whole Life premium ) .	0
how a vul works	Variable universal life is a type of permanent life insurance , because the death benefit will be paid if the insured dies any time as long as there is sufficient cash value to pay the costs of insurance in the policy .	0
how a vul works	With most if not all VULs , unlike whole life , there is no endowment age ( the age at which the cash value equals the death benefit amount , which for whole life is typically 100 ) .	0
how a vul works	This is yet another key advantage of VUL over Whole Life .	0
how a vul works	With a typical whole life policy , the death benefit is limited to the face amount specified in the policy , and at endowment age , the face amount is all that is paid out .	0
how a vul works	Thus with either death or endowment , the insurance company keeps any cash value built up over the years .	0
how a vul works	However , some participating whole life policies offer riders which specify that any dividends paid on the policy be used to purchase `` paid up additions '' to the policy which increase both the cash value and the death benefit over time .	0
how a vul works	If investments made in the separate accounts out-perform the general account of the insurance company , a higher rate-of-return can occur than the fixed rates-of-return typical for whole life .	0
how a vul works	The combination over the years of no endowment age , continually increasing death benefit , and if a high rate-of-return is earned in the separate accounts of a VUL policy , this could result in higher value to the owner or beneficiary than that of a whole life policy with the same amounts of money paid in as premiums .	0
how an outdoor wood boiler works	The outdoor wood boiler is a variant of the classic wood stove adapted for set-up outdoors while still transferring the heat to interior buildings .	0
how big did girl scout cookie boxes used to be	A mound of Girl Scout cookies .	0
how big did girl scout cookie boxes used to be	This mound contains 74 boxes of cookies	0
how big did girl scout cookie boxes used to be	Girl Scout Cookies are cookies sold by Girl Scouts of the USA ( GSUSA ) as one of its major fundraisers for local Scout units .	0
how big did girl scout cookie boxes used to be	Members of the GSUSA have been selling cookies since 1917 to raise funds .	0
how big did girl scout cookie boxes used to be	Girls who participate can earn prizes for their efforts .	0
how big did girl scout cookie boxes used to be	There are also unit incentives if the unit as a whole does well .	0
how big did girl scout cookie boxes used to be	As of 2007 , sales were estimated at about 200 million boxes per year .	0
how big is the purdue greek system	University Hall	0
how big is the purdue greek system	Purdue University , located in West Lafayette , Indiana , is the flagship university of the six-campus Purdue University system .	0
how big is the purdue greek system	Purdue was founded on May 6 , 1869 , as a land-grant university when the Indiana General Assembly , taking advantage of the Morrill Act , accepted a donation of land and money from Lafayette businessman John Purdue to establish a college of science , technology , and agriculture in his name .	0
how big is the purdue greek system	The first classes were held on September 16 , 1874 , with six instructors and 39 students .	0
how big is the purdue greek system	Today , Purdue is a member of the Big Ten Conference , and is a well known world-class research institution .	0
how big is the purdue greek system	Purdue enrolls the second largest student body of any university in Indiana as well as the fourth largest international student population of any university in the United States .	0
how big is the purdue greek system	Purdue offers both undergraduate and graduate programs in over 211 major areas of study , and is well known for its competitive engineering curricula .	0
how big is the purdue greek system	The university has also been highly influential in America 's history of aviation , having established the first college credit offered in flight training , the first four-year bachelor 's degree in aviation , and the first university airport ( Purdue University Airport ) .	0
how big is the purdue greek system	Purdue 's aviation technology program remains one of the most competitive aviation-specific programs in the world .	0
how big is the purdue greek system	In the mid-20th century , Purdue 's aviation program expanded to encompass advanced spaceflight technology giving rise to Purdue 's nickname , Cradle of Astronauts .	0
how big is the purdue greek system	Twenty-three Purdue graduates have gone on to become astronauts , including Gus Grissom ( one of the original Mercury Seven astronauts ) , Neil Armstrong ( the first person to walk on the moon ) , and Eugene Cernan ( the most recent person to walk on the moon ) .	0
how big do sebaceous cysts get	A sebaceous cyst ( ) is a term that loosely refers to either epidermoid cysts ( also known as epidermal cysts ; L72.0 ) or pilar cysts ( also known as trichilemmal cysts ; L72.1 ) .	0
how big do sebaceous cysts get	Because an epidermoid cyst originates in the epidermis and a pilar cyst originates from hair follicles , by definition , neither type of cyst is strictly a sebaceous cyst .	0
how big do sebaceous cysts get	The name is regarded as a misnomer as the fatty , white , semi-solid material in both of these cyst entities is not sebum , but keratin .	0
how big do sebaceous cysts get	Furthermore , under the microscope neither entity contains sebaceous glands .	0
how big do sebaceous cysts get	In practice , however , the terms are often used interchangeably .	0
how big do sebaceous cysts get	`` True '' sebaceous cysts are relatively rare and are known as steatocystomas or , if multiple , as steatocystoma multiplex .	0
how are pointe shoes made	Modern pointe shoes .	0
how are pointe shoes made	The edge of the toe pad , which is inserted between the foot and toe box for cushioning , can be seen on the right foot .	0
how are pointe shoes made	A pointe shoe is a type of shoe worn by ballet dancers when performing pointe work .	0
how are pointe shoes made	Pointe shoes developed from the desire for dancers to appear weightless and sylph -like and have evolved to enable dancers to dance en pointe ( on the tips of their toes ) for extended periods of time .	0
how are pointe shoes made	They are normally worn by female dancers , though male dancers may wear them for unorthodox roles such as the ugly stepsisters in Cinderella , Bottom in A Midsummer Night 's Dream , or men performing as women in dance companies such as Les Ballets Trockadero and Grandiva .	0
how are pointe shoes made	They are manufactured in a variety of colors , most commonly in shades of light pink .	0
how much is 1 tablespoon of water	This tablespoon has a capacity of about 15 mL .	1
how much is 1 tablespoon of water	Measuring Spoons	0
how much is 1 tablespoon of water	In the US and parts of Canada , a tablespoon is the largest type of spoon used for eating from a bowl .	0
how much is 1 tablespoon of water	In the UK , Europe and most Commonwealth countries , a tablespoon is a type of large spoon usually used for serving .	0
how much is 1 tablespoon of water	In countries where a tablespoon is a serving spoon , the nearest equivalent to the US tablespoon is either the dessert spoon or the soup spoon .	0
how much is 1 tablespoon of water	A tablespoonful , nominally the capacity of one tablespoon , is commonly used as a measure of volume in cooking .	0
how much is 1 tablespoon of water	It is abbreviated as T , tb , tbs , tbsp , tblsp , or tblspn .	0
how much is 1 tablespoon of water	The capacity of ordinary tablespoons is not regulated by law and is subject to considerable variation .	0
how much is 1 tablespoon of water	In the USA one tablespoon ( measurement unit ) is approximately 15 mL ; the capacity of an actual tablespoon ( dining utensil ) ranges from 7 mL to 14 mL .	1
how much is 1 tablespoon of water	In Australia one tablespoon ( measurement unit ) is 20 mL .	1
how much are the harry potter movies worth	Harry Potter is a series of seven fantasy novels written by the British author J. K. Rowling .	0
how much are the harry potter movies worth	The books chronicle the adventures of a wizard , Harry Potter , and his friends Ronald Weasley and Hermione Granger , all of whom are students at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry .	0
how much are the harry potter movies worth	The main story arc concerns Harry 's quest to overcome the Dark wizard Lord Voldemort , whose aims are to become immortal , conquer the wizarding world , subjugate non-magical people , and destroy all those who stand in his way , especially Harry Potter .	0
how much are the harry potter movies worth	Since the release of the first novel Harry Potter and the Philosopher 's Stone on 30 June 1997 , the books have gained immense popularity , critical acclaim and commercial success worldwide .	0
how much are the harry potter movies worth	The series has also had some share of criticism , including concern for the increasingly dark tone .	0
how much are the harry potter movies worth	, the book series has sold about 450 million copies , making it the best-selling book series in history , and has been translated into 67 languages .	0
how much are the harry potter movies worth	The last four books consecutively set records as the fastest-selling books in history .	0
how much are the harry potter movies worth	A series of many genres , including fantasy and coming of age ( with elements of mystery , thriller , adventure , and romance ) , it has many cultural meanings and references .	0
how much are the harry potter movies worth	According to Rowling , the main theme is death .	0
how much are the harry potter movies worth	There are also many other themes in the series , such as prejudice and corruption .	0
how much are the harry potter movies worth	The initial major publishers of the books were Bloomsbury in the United Kingdom and Scholastic Press in the United States .	0
how much are the harry potter movies worth	The books have since been published by many publishers worldwide .	0
how much are the harry potter movies worth	The books , with the seventh book split into two parts , have been made into an eight-part film series by Warner Bros. Pictures , the highest-grossing film series of all time .	0
how much are the harry potter movies worth	The series also originated much tie-in merchandise , making the Harry Potter brand worth in excess of $ 15 billion .	1
how much are the harry potter movies worth	Also due to the success of the books and films , Harry Potter has been used for a theme park , The Wizarding World of Harry Potter in Universal Parks & Resorts 's Islands of Adventure .	0
how a rocket engine works	RS-68 being tested at NASA 's Stennis Space Center .	0
how a rocket engine works	The nearly transparent exhaust is due to this engine 's exhaust being mostly superheated steam ( water vapor from its propellants , hydrogen and oxygen )	0
how a rocket engine works	Viking 5C rocket engine	0
how a rocket engine works	A rocket engine , or simply `` rocket '' , is a jet engine that uses only stored propellant mass for forming its high speed propulsive jet .	1
how a rocket engine works	Rocket engines are reaction engines and obtain thrust in accordance with Newton 's third law .	0
how a rocket engine works	Since they need no external material to form their jet , rocket engines can be used for spacecraft propulsion as well as terrestrial uses , such as missiles .	0
how a rocket engine works	Most rocket engines are internal combustion engines , although non-combusting forms also exist .	0
how a rocket engine works	Rocket engines as a group have the highest exhaust velocities , are by far the lightest , but are the least propellant efficient of all types of jet engines .	0
how old was britney spears when she recorded hit me baby one more time	`` ... Baby One More Time '' is a song by American recording artist Britney Spears .	0
how old was britney spears when she recorded hit me baby one more time	It served as Spears 's debut single and title track from her debut studio album , ... Baby One More Time ( 1999 ) .	0
how old was britney spears when she recorded hit me baby one more time	Written by Max Martin and produced by Martin and Rami , `` ... Baby One More Time '' was released on September 30 , 1998 , by Jive Records .	0
how old was britney spears when she recorded hit me baby one more time	After recording and sending a demo tape with an unused song from Toni Braxton , Spears signed a multi-album deal with Jive .	0
how old was britney spears when she recorded hit me baby one more time	`` ... Baby One More Time '' is a teen pop and dance-pop song that refers to a girl who regrets breaking up with her boyfriend .	0
how old was britney spears when she recorded hit me baby one more time	The song received generally favorable reviews from critics , who praised its composition .	0
how old was britney spears when she recorded hit me baby one more time	`` ... Baby One More Time '' attained global success , reaching number one in every country it charted .	0
how old was britney spears when she recorded hit me baby one more time	It also received numerous certifications around the world , and is one of the best-selling singles of all time , with over 10 million copies sold .	0
how old was britney spears when she recorded hit me baby one more time	An accompanying music video , directed by Nigel Dick , portrays Spears as a student from a Catholic high school , who starts to daydream that she is singing and dancing around the school , while watching her love interest from afar .	0
how old was britney spears when she recorded hit me baby one more time	The music video was later referenced in the music video of `` If U Seek Amy `` ( 2008 ) , where Spears 's fictional daughter is dressed with a similar schoolgirl outfit while wearing pink ribbons in her hair .	0
how old was britney spears when she recorded hit me baby one more time	In 2010 , the music video for `` ... Baby One More Time '' was voted the third most influential video in the history of pop music , in a poll held by Jam ! .	0
how old was britney spears when she recorded hit me baby one more time	Spears has performed `` ... Baby One More Time '' in a number of live appearances and in all of her concert tours .	0
how old was britney spears when she recorded hit me baby one more time	It was the encore of the ... Baby One More Time Tour ( 1999 ) and Dream Within a Dream Tour ( 2001 ) ; Spears also performed remixed versions of the song during the Oops ! ...	0
how old was britney spears when she recorded hit me baby one more time	I Did It Again World Tour ( 2000 ) , The Onyx Hotel Tour ( 2004 ) , The M+M 's Tour ( 2007 ) , The Circus Starring Britney Spears ( 2009 ) , and the Femme Fatale Tour ( 2011 ) .	0
how old was britney spears when she recorded hit me baby one more time	`` ... Baby One More Time '' was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Female Pop Vocal Performance , and has been included in lists by Blender , Rolling Stone and VH1 .	0
how old was britney spears when she recorded hit me baby one more time	It has been noted for redefining the sound of late 1990s music .	0
how old was britney spears when she recorded hit me baby one more time	Spears has named `` ... Baby One More Time '' as one of her favorite songs from her career .	0
how old was britney spears when she recorded hit me baby one more time	It was also the final song to be played on the BBC 's music programme Top of the Pops .	0
how are cholera and typhus transmitted and prevented	Cholera is an infection in the small intestine caused by the bacterium Vibrio cholerae .	0
how are cholera and typhus transmitted and prevented	The main symptoms are watery diarrhea and vomiting .	0
how are cholera and typhus transmitted and prevented	Transmission occurs primarily by drinking water or eating food that has been contaminated by the feces ( waste product ) of an infected person , including one with no apparent symptoms .	1
how are cholera and typhus transmitted and prevented	The severity of the diarrhea and vomiting can lead to rapid dehydration and electrolyte imbalance , and death in some cases .	0
how are cholera and typhus transmitted and prevented	The primary treatment is oral rehydration therapy , typically with oral rehydration solution , to replace water and electrolytes .	0
how are cholera and typhus transmitted and prevented	If this is not tolerated or does not provide improvement fast enough , intravenous fluids can also be used .	0
how are cholera and typhus transmitted and prevented	Antibacterial drugs are beneficial in those with severe disease to shorten its duration and severity .	0
how are cholera and typhus transmitted and prevented	Worldwide , it affects 3–5 million people and causes 100,000–130,000 deaths a year .	0
how are cholera and typhus transmitted and prevented	Cholera was one of the earliest infections to be studied by epidemiological methods .	0
how old is sybil vane in the picture of dorian gray	The Picture of Dorian Gray is the only published novel by Oscar Wilde , appearing as the lead story in Lippincott 's Monthly Magazine on 20 June 1890 , printed as the July 1890 issue of this magazine .	0
how old is sybil vane in the picture of dorian gray	The magazine 's editors feared the story was indecent as submitted , so they censored roughly 500 words , without Wilde 's knowledge , before publication .	0
how old is sybil vane in the picture of dorian gray	But even with that , the story was still greeted with outrage by British reviewers , some of whom suggested that Wilde should be prosecuted on moral grounds , leading Wilde to defend the novel aggressively in letters to the British press .	0
how old is sybil vane in the picture of dorian gray	Wilde later revised the story for book publication , making substantial alterations , deleting controversial passages , adding new chapters and including an aphoristic Preface which has since become famous in its own right .	0
how old is sybil vane in the picture of dorian gray	The amended version was published by Ward , Lock and Company in April 1891 .	0
how old is sybil vane in the picture of dorian gray	Some scholars believe that Wilde would today have wanted us to read the version he originally submitted to Lippincott 's .	0
how old is sybil vane in the picture of dorian gray	The novel tells of a young man named Dorian Gray , the subject of a painting by artist Basil Hallward .	0
how old is sybil vane in the picture of dorian gray	Basil is impressed by Dorian 's beauty and becomes infatuated with him , believing his beauty is responsible for a new mode in his art .	0
how old is sybil vane in the picture of dorian gray	Dorian meets Lord Henry Wotton , a friend of Basil 's , and becomes enthralled by Lord Henry 's world view .	0
how old is sybil vane in the picture of dorian gray	Espousing a new hedonism , Lord Henry suggests the only things worth pursuing in life are beauty and fulfilment of the senses .	0
how old is sybil vane in the picture of dorian gray	Realizing that one day his beauty will fade , Dorian ( whimsically ) expresses a desire to sell his soul to ensure the portrait Basil has painted would age rather than he .	0
how old is sybil vane in the picture of dorian gray	Dorian 's wish is fulfilled , and when he subsequently pursues a life of debauchery , the portrait serves as a reminder of the effect each act has upon his soul , with each sin displayed as a disfigurement of his form , or through a sign of aging .	0
how old is sybil vane in the picture of dorian gray	The Picture of Dorian Gray is considered a work of classic Gothic fiction with a strong Faustian theme .	0
how old is zsa zsa gabor 's daughter	Sári Gábor ( born 6 February 1917 ) , known as Zsa Zsa Gabor ( ) , is a Hungarian -born American actress who acted in supporting roles in movies , on Broadway , and occasionally on television .	0
how old is zsa zsa gabor 's daughter	Gabor was also a socialite .	0
how old is zsa zsa gabor 's daughter	She began her stage career in Vienna at age 15 , and was crowned Miss Hungary in 1936 .	0
how old is zsa zsa gabor 's daughter	She emigrated to the United States in 1941 and became a sought-after actress with `` European flair and style '' , with a personality that `` exuded charm and grace '' .	0
how old is zsa zsa gabor 's daughter	Her first movie role was as supporting actress in Lovely to Look At .	0
how old is zsa zsa gabor 's daughter	She later acted in We 're Not Married !	0
how old is zsa zsa gabor 's daughter	and played one of her few leading roles in Moulin Rouge ( 1952 ) , directed by John Huston , who described her as a `` creditable '' actress .	0
how old is zsa zsa gabor 's daughter	Besides her film and television appearances , she is best known for having nine husbands , including hotel magnate Conrad Hilton and actor George Sanders .	0
how old is zsa zsa gabor 's daughter	She once stated , `` Men have always liked me and I have always liked men .	0
how old is zsa zsa gabor 's daughter	But I like a mannish man , a man who knows how to talk to and treat a woman – not just a man with muscles . ''	0
how bruce lee died	Bruce Lee ( traditional : 李小龍 ; born Lee Jun-fan ; 27 November 1940 – 20 July 1973 ) was a Chinese American martial artist , actor , martial arts instructor , philosopher , and filmmaker .	0
how bruce lee died	The founder of Jeet Kune Do , Lee was the son of Cantonese opera star Lee Hoi-Chuen .	0
how bruce lee died	He is widely considered by commentators , critics , media and other martial artists to be one of the most influential martial artists of all time , and a pop culture icon of the 20th century .	0
how bruce lee died	He is often credited with helping to change the way Asians were presented in American films .	0
how bruce lee died	Lee was born in Chinatown , San Francisco on 27 November 1940 to parents from Hong Kong and was raised in Kowloon with his family until his late teens .	0
how bruce lee died	He was introduced to the film industry by his father and appeared in several films as a child actor .	0
how bruce lee died	Lee moved to the United States at the age of 18 to receive his higher education , and it was during this time that he began teaching martial arts .	0
how bruce lee died	His Hong Kong and Hollywood -produced films elevated the traditional Hong Kong martial arts film to a new level of popularity and acclaim , sparking a surge of interest in Chinese martial arts in the West in the 1970s .	0
how bruce lee died	The direction and tone of his films changed and influenced martial arts and martial arts films in Hong Kong and the rest of the world .	0
how bruce lee died	He is noted for his roles in five feature-length films : Lo Wei 's The Big Boss ( 1971 ) and Fist of Fury ( 1972 ) ; Way of the Dragon ( 1972 ) , directed and written by Lee ; Warner Brothers ' Enter the Dragon ( 1973 ) and The Game of Death ( 1978 ) , both directed by Robert Clouse .	0
how bruce lee died	Lee became an iconic figure known throughout the world , particularly among the Chinese , as he portrayed Chinese nationalism in his films .	0
how bruce lee died	He initially trained in Wing Chun , but later rejected well-defined martial art styles , favouring instead the use of techniques from various sources , in the spirit of his personal martial arts philosophy , which he dubbed Jeet Kune Do ( The Way of the Intercepting Fist ) .	0
how bruce lee died	Lee held dual citizenship of Hong Kong and the United States .	0
how bruce lee died	He died in Kowloon Tong on 20 July 1973 at age 32 .	0
how active can one be with copd	Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( COPD ) , also known as chronic obstructive lung disease ( COLD ) , chronic obstructive airway disease ( COAD ) , chronic airflow limitation ( CAL ) and chronic obstructive respiratory disease ( CORD ) , is the occurrence of chronic bronchitis or emphysema , a pair of commonly co-existing diseases of the lungs in which the airways narrow over time .	0
how active can one be with copd	This limits airflow to and from the lungs , causing shortness of breath ( dyspnea ) .	0
how active can one be with copd	In clinical practice , COPD is defined by its characteristically low airflow on lung function tests .	0
how active can one be with copd	In contrast to asthma , this limitation is poorly reversible and usually gets progressively worse over time .	0
how active can one be with copd	COPD is caused by noxious particles or gas , most commonly from tobacco smoking , which triggers an abnormal inflammatory response in the lung .	0
how active can one be with copd	The diagnosis of COPD requires lung function tests .	0
how active can one be with copd	Important management strategies are smoking cessation , vaccinations , rehabilitation , and drug therapy ( often using inhalers ) .	0
how active can one be with copd	Some patients go on to require long-term oxygen therapy or lung transplantation .	0
how active can one be with copd	Worldwide , COPD ranked as the sixth leading cause of death in 1990 .	0
how active can one be with copd	It is projected to become the fourth leading cause of death worldwide by 2030 , due to an increase in smoking rates and demographic changes in many countries .	0
how active can one be with copd	COPD is the third leading cause of death in the U.S. , and the economic burden of COPD in the U.S. in 2007 was $ 42.6 billion in health care costs and lost productivity .	0
how did anne frank die	Annelies `` Anne '' Marie Frank ( , ? , ; 12 June 1929early March 1945 ) is one of the most discussed Jewish victims of the Holocaust .	0
how did anne frank die	Her diary has been the basis for several plays and films .	0
how did anne frank die	Born in the city of Frankfurt am Main in Weimar Germany , she lived most of her life in or near Amsterdam , in the Netherlands .	0
how did anne frank die	Born a German national , Frank lost her citizenship in 1941 .	0
how did anne frank die	She gained international fame posthumously after her diary was published .	0
how did anne frank die	It documents her experiences hiding during the German occupation of the Netherlands in World War II .	0
how did anne frank die	The Frank family moved from Germany to Amsterdam in 1933 , the year the Nazis gained control over Germany .	0
how did anne frank die	By the beginning of 1940 , they were trapped in Amsterdam by the Nazi occupation of the Netherlands .	0
how did anne frank die	As persecutions of the Jewish population increased in July 1942 , the family went into hiding in the hidden rooms of Anne 's father , Otto Frank 's , office building .	0
how did anne frank die	After two years , the group was betrayed and transported to concentration camps .	0
how did anne frank die	Anne Frank and her sister , Margot , were eventually transferred to the Bergen-Belsen concentration camp , where they died of typhus in March 1945 .	1
how did anne frank die	Otto Frank , the only survivor of the family , returned to Amsterdam after the war to find that Anne 's diary had been saved , and his efforts led to its publication in 1947 .	0
how did anne frank die	It was translated from its original Dutch and first published in English in 1952 as The Diary of a Young Girl .	0
how did anne frank die	It has since been translated into many languages .	0
how did anne frank die	The diary , which was given to Anne on her 13th birthday , chronicles her life from 12 June 1942 until 1 August 1944 .	0
how old is kurt cobain 's daughter	Kurt 's signature	0
how old is kurt cobain 's daughter	Kurt Donald Cobain ( February 20 , 1967 – April 5 , 1994 ) was an American musician and artist , best known as the lead singer , guitarist and primary songwriter of the grunge band Nirvana .	0
how old is kurt cobain 's daughter	Cobain formed Nirvana with Krist Novoselic in Aberdeen , Washington in 1985 and established it as part of the Seattle music scene , having its debut album Bleach released on the independent record label Sub Pop in 1989 .	0
how old is kurt cobain 's daughter	After signing with major label DGC Records , the band found breakthrough success with `` Smells Like Teen Spirit `` from its second album Nevermind ( 1991 ) .	0
how old is kurt cobain 's daughter	Following the success of Nevermind , Nirvana was labeled `` the flagship band '' of Generation X , and Cobain hailed as `` the spokesman of a generation '' .	0
how old is kurt cobain 's daughter	Cobain , however , was often uncomfortable and frustrated , believing his message and artistic vision to have been misinterpreted by the public , with his personal issues often subject to media attention .	0
how old is kurt cobain 's daughter	He challenged Nirvana 's audience with its final studio album In Utero ( 1993 ) .	0
how old is kurt cobain 's daughter	During the last years of his life , Cobain struggled with heroin addiction , illness and depression .	0
how old is kurt cobain 's daughter	He also had difficulty coping with his fame and public image , and the professional and lifelong personal pressures surrounding himself and his wife , musician Courtney Love .	0
how old is kurt cobain 's daughter	On April 8 , 1994 , Cobain was found dead at his home in Seattle , the victim of what was officially ruled a suicide by a self-inflicted shotgun wound to the head .	0
how old is kurt cobain 's daughter	The circumstances of his death at age 27 have become a topic of public fascination and debate .	0
how old is kurt cobain 's daughter	Since their debut , Nirvana , with Cobain as a songwriter , has sold over 25 million albums in the U.S. , and over 50 million worldwide .	0
how are aircraft radial engines built	Radial engine timing and cam mechanism .	0
how are aircraft radial engines built	Click for full resolution animation .	0
how are aircraft radial engines built	Radial engine of a biplane	0
how are aircraft radial engines built	Master rod ( upright ) , slaves and balances from a two-row , fourteen-cylinder Pratt & Whitney Twin Wasp	0
how are aircraft radial engines built	The radial engine is a reciprocating type internal combustion engine configuration in which the cylinders point outward from a central crankshaft like the spokes of a wheel .	1
how are aircraft radial engines built	It resembles a stylized star when viewed from the front , and is called a `` star engine '' ( German Sternmotor ) in some languages .	0
how are aircraft radial engines built	The radial configuration was very commonly used in aircraft engines before turbine engines became predominant .	0
how old were golden girls at time of show	The Golden Girls is an American sitcom , created by Susan Harris , that originally aired on NBC from September 13 , 1985 , to May 9 , 1992 .	0
how old were golden girls at time of show	Starring Bea Arthur , Betty White , Rue McClanahan and Estelle Getty , the show centers on four older women sharing a home in Miami , Florida .	0
how old were golden girls at time of show	It was produced by Witt/Thomas/Harris Productions , in association with Touchstone Television , and Paul Junger Witt , Tony Thomas , and Harris served as the original executive producers .	0
how old were golden girls at time of show	The Golden Girls received critical acclaim throughout most of its run and won several awards , including the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Comedy Series twice .	0
how old were golden girls at time of show	It also won three Golden Globe Awards for Best Television Series – Musical or Comedy .	0
how old were golden girls at time of show	All four stars each received an Emmy Award throughout the series ' run and had multiple nominations .	0
how old were golden girls at time of show	The series also ranked among the top ten highest-rated programs for six out of its seven seasons .	0
